---
page_title: "hrui_port_settings (Resource)"
description: |-
  Manages port settings.
---

# hrui_port_settings (Resource)

Manages port settings.

## Introduction

This resource allows you to configure various settings for a specific port on the managed switch. You can enable or disable the port using the `enabled` attribute. Additionally, you can configure the port's speed and duplex settings, as well as its flow control settings. The `speed` block allows you to set the desired speed and duplex mode. Supported speeds include `Auto`, `10M/Half`, `10M/Full`, `100M/Half`, `100M/Full`, `1000M/Full`, `2500M/Full`, and `10G/Full`. The `flow_control` block allows you to configure flow control. For both `speed` and `flow_control`, you can specify the desired config, and the system will report the actual settings being used. The port attribute specifies the port you wish to configure.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "hrui_port_settings" "example" {
  port    = "Port 1"
  enabled = true

  speed = {
    config = "Auto"
  }

  flow_control = {
    config = "On"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `port` (String) The port name or ID (e.g., 'Port 1', 'Trunk1').

### Optional

- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether the port is enabled.
- `flow_control` (Attributes) Flow control configuration of the port. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--flow_control))
- `speed` (Attributes) Speed and duplex settings of the port. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--speed))

<a id="nestedatt--flow_control"></a>
### Nested Schema for `flow_control`

Optional:

- `config` (String) Configured flow control setting.

Read-Only:

- `actual` (String) Actual flow control setting returned by the system.


<a id="nestedatt--speed"></a>
### Nested Schema for `speed`

Optional:

- `config` (String) Configured speed and duplex mode.

Read-Only:

- `actual` (String) Actual speed and duplex mode returned by the system.


