---
page_title: "hrui_stp_global (Resource)"
description: |-
  Manages global STP settings.
---

# hrui_stp_global (Resource)

Manages global STP settings.

## Introduction

Spanning Tree Protocol (STP) is a network protocol that prevents loops in a network topology by blocking redundant paths. Critically, STP also provides network recovery in the event of a topology change or failure. When a link or switch fails, STP recalculates the network topology and unblocks alternative paths to restore connectivity. This resource allows you to configure global STP parameters, including the `force_version` (`STP` or `RSTP`), `priority` of the bridge, and timing parameters like `max_age`, `hello_time`, and `forward_delay`. These settings influence how STP calculates the network topology and prevents loops, as well as how quickly it can recover from failures. The resource also provides read-only attributes to display the current STP status, root bridge MAC address, root path cost, and root port.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "hrui_stp_global_settings" "example" {
  force_version = "RSTP"
  priority      = 32768
  max_age       = 20
  hello_time    = 2
  forward_delay = 15
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `force_version` (String) Specifies whether to use STP ('STP') or RSTP ('RSTP').
- `forward_delay` (Number) Forward delay (in seconds).
- `hello_time` (Number) Time interval (in seconds) between Hello messages.
- `max_age` (Number) Maximum age for STP information before it’s discarded (in seconds).
- `priority` (Number) The bridge priority for the STP instance.

### Read-Only

- `root_mac` (String) Root bridge MAC address (read-only).
- `root_path_cost` (Number) Root path cost (read-only).
- `root_port` (String) Root port (read-only).
- `stp_status` (String) Specifies whether STP is enabled or disabled. This is read-only.


